docs: update documentation and definitions files (#99)
dashevo/DashJS: docs/platform/documents/create.md

**Example**: 
```js
const identityId = '';// Your identity identifier
const identity = await client.platform.identities.get(identityId);

const helloWorldDocument = await platform.documents.create(
      // Assume a contract helloWorldContract is registered with a field note
      'helloWorldContract.note',
      identity,
     { message: 'Hello World'},
  );
```

> **Nota Bene**: When your document is created, it will only exist locally, use the [broadcast](/platform/documents/broadcast.md) method to register it.  

Reviewer: Same :slightly_smiling_face: 
```suggestion
**Note**: When your document is created, it will only exist locally, use the [broadcast](/platform/documents/broadcast.md) method to register it.  
```
